---
sidebar_position: 6
---

We believe investment in Cryptoassets will continue to grow significantly, whether it be in DAOs, Metaverse or Cryptocurrency projects. This will bring huge inflows of capital into the sector, and a growing Investor base. Many of these new Investors will need help in understanding which Cryptoassets will be more successful than another.

This growth will also give rise to a new wave of Wealth Managers who are professionals in valuing DAOs, Cryptos and Metaverse projects and the need for Investors to be able to select which of them will be the strongest performers. This means, someone who is time poor (a large proportion of Cryptoasset investors), can choose from a list of successful Wealth Managers and place a certain amount of their wealth with them. This is similar to the way investment funds work today, who have been equally successful. The difference is, this time, the investors will have full custody and control of their assets and be able to select investment experts in a much more transparent fashion with the benefit of full visibility and trust through the blockchain protocol. The days of sending your hard earned money to anyone to grow it are over!

At the same time, the crypto market has seen tremendous volatility, and some high-profile bankruptcies, such as FTX, the cryptocurrency exchange and hedge fund that collapsed at the end of 2022, resulting in thousands of investors losing huge sums of money. Because of events like this, there are large numbers of potential Cryptoasset Investors eager to take part in the new age of Cryptoasset Investment, but too risk averse to invest because of the negative press that such events generate. FTX and other disasters could occur because these organisations were set up as traditionally registered and managed companies, outside of the blockchain, leaving them vulnerable to mismanagement and to the covert abuse of investor funds. Blok Capital will change all of that due to its open access DAO protocol, its blockchain built operating structure and token staking, which between them create a much more stable and visible environment for investors, safeguarding against the dramatic price swings seen in Cryptoassets, and through its underlying principle that each investor always retains full ownership of their assets, thus avoiding situations such that occurred at FTX, where management used FTX customer assets to cover trading losses. This would be impossible within the Blok Capital DAO platform. Blok Capital’s trust environment will therefore attract those new Investors that are looking for a more stable, low risk and open trading experience.